.\" 
.TH "ebeam_state" "1" "" "Yann Cantin" ""
.SH "NAME"
ebeam_state \- command-line ebeam calibration save and restore program

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B ebeam_state -h, --help
.br 
.B ebeam_state [OPTION] --list
.br 
.B ebeam_state [OPTIONS] --save <file>
.br 
.B ebeam_state [OPTIONS] --restore <file>

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
ebeam_state is a program for saving or restoring calibration data for a ebeam device, when using the native ebeam kernel module.
.PP 
It currently features:
.br 
\- works for any ebeam kernel driver supported devices
.br 
\- dynamically recalibrates the kernel driver and the X evdev driver, restoring active zone (see below)
.br 
.PP 
see https://sourceforge.net/p/ebeam

.\"     fprintf(stderr, "Usage:\n");
.\"     fprintf(stderr, "\t%s -h, --help: print this help message\n", cmd);
.\"     fprintf(stderr, "\t%s [option] --list: "
.\"                     "list calibratable input devices and quit.\n", cmd);
.\"     fprintf(stderr, "\t%s [option] --save <file>: "
.\"                     "save current calibration to file.\n", cmd);
.\"     fprintf(stderr, "\t%s [option] --restore <file>: "
.\"                     "restore calibration from file.\n", cmd);
.\"     fprintf(stderr, "Options:\n");
.\"     fprintf(stderr, "\t-v, --verbose: "
.\"                     "print debug messages during the process.\n");
.\"     fprintf(stderr, "\t--device <device name or id>: "
.\"                     "select a specific device.\n");

.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 8
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Print debug messages during the process.
.PP 
.TP 8
.B \-\-device \fIdevice_name_or_id\fP
Select a specific ebeam device to calibrate;
Use ebeam_state \-\-list to list the ebeam input devices.

.SH "USAGE"
Once the ebeam device is calibrated with ebeam_calibrator, use ebeam-state to store the calibration data to a file.
.br 
You can later (after a reboot for example) restore the previous calibration data.

.SH "EXAMPLES"
To save the current calibration data, type in your terminal:
.LP 
    ebeam_state \-\-save ~/ebeam.calib
.PP 
To restore calibration data:
.LP 
    ebeam_state \-\-restore ~/ebeam.calib

.SH "TROUBLESHOOTING"
.B Validity:
The ebeam devices are designed to be movable. Calibration data are only valid for a precise location of the sensor. If you move it, even lightly, you'll have to redo the calibration with ebeam_calibrator.

.B Active zone:
Active zone is only relevant to the screen resolution at calibration time. If you change the screen resolution, you'll have to redo the calibration with ebeam_calibrator.

.B In general,
Run ebeam_state with the \fI\-v\fP option, it will tell you what happens and what goes wrong.

.B Version:
You should restore calibration data saved by the same version of ebeam_state.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
ebeam_calibrator(1)
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf 
Yann Cantin <yann.cantin@laposte.net>
.fi 
